HCIDOCS-651: Oracle Cloud C3 (#88897)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/c3-assisted-installer-opening-cluster.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_oci/installing-c3-assisted-installer.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="c3-ai-opening-cluster_{context}"]
= Opening {product-title} from the {oci-c3-no-rt} web console

> For instructions for accessing the {product-title} console from {oci-c3-no-rt}, see step 15 and onwards of link:https://www.oracle.com/a/otn/docs/compute_cloud_at_customer_assisted_installer.pdf?source=:em:nl:mt::::PCATP[Install the Cluster using the RH Assisted Installer UI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions to access the {product-title} console from {oci-c3-no-rt}, see step 15 - 17 in the "Install the Cluster using the RH Assisted Installer UI" section of the link:https://www.oracle.com/a/otn/docs/compute_cloud_at_customer_assisted_installer.pdf?source=:em:nl:mt::::PCATP[Oracle documentation ].
```

> For instructions to access the {product-title} console from {oci-c3-no-rt}, see step 15 - 17 in the "Install the Cluster using the RH Assisted Installer UI" section of the link:https://www.oracle.com/a/otn/docs/compute_cloud_at_customer_assisted_installer.pdf?source=:em:nl:mt::::PCATP[Oracle documentation].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instructions to access the {product-title} console from {oci-c3-no-rt}, see steps 15 - 17 in the "Install the Cluster using the RH Assisted Installer UI" section of the link:https://www.oracle.com/a/otn/docs/compute_cloud_at_customer_assisted_installer.pdf?source=:em:nl:mt::::PCATP[Oracle documentation].
```
